HashConfig: 8 0.754814 0.406049 0.806314 1.11536 7
init litStringHash
RCST0 - init HLnIDOOLbbs3a6DOi5P
litStringHash - toString
litStringHash - getLastInsertedIndex
RCST1 - init NDwJn
litStringHash - toString
litStringHash - getLastInsertedIndex
RCST2 - init tC
litStringHash - toString
litStringHash - getLastInsertedIndex
RCST3 - init j6pghobDObE
litStringHash - toString
litStringHash - getLastInsertedIndex
RCST4 - init FiIlhJR1
litStringHash - toString
litStringHash - getLastInsertedIndex
RCST5 - init MO9IjGExZPme
litStringHash - toString
litStringHash - getLastInsertedIndex
RCST6 - init SMQzhvwhrkYw
litStringHash - toString
litStringHash - getLastInsertedIndex
RCST7 - init HRB
RCST6 - delete
RCST5 - delete
RCST4 - delete
RCST3 - delete
RCST2 - delete
RCST1 - delete
RCST0 - delete
litStringHash - delete